# Grocery-Program

  For this project, I had to take a grocery list file and sort out how many times each item appeared in the list, with the ability for the user to search for a specific item and find out how many times it appeared. This required me to use both C++ and python, with C++ being used for user interaction and menus within the program and python being used for file input and output, and sorting out the information within the file. The things I felt that worked out well was the processing for the python part, with it being somewhat efficeint in putting the information into the list and keeping count on how many items that was in the list. I also felt that the file management itself was reasonable with me making sure that the files were open and closed when needed. I believe I kept the program well commented as to what each function within it did, as to improve readability for other users to use or edit. As far as things that needed improving, I felt most at fault with the C++ side and how information is displayed to the user. Being a basic program, the display looks bland, and with a histogram feature being part of the program, I felt this could be edited with either color or change into something similar to a bar graph. As far as skills I learned during this project, the most important thing was the intergration of 2 different programming languages within one program, and how each language can bring it's own strengths to enhance a program. For example, in this program C++ handles the user inputs, which is one of it's stronger uses, while python handles information sorting, which is one of it's stronger uses. This skill will be handy in the future as I start to develop more complex code, giving me more options on different approaches to solve the same problem.
